README.md, before:

# Yule

## Premise

Deep in the fortress of Yule a profane act has shattered the world, and an ashen snow falls upon the land. Wicht, an elf caught in the lines of the splintering fracture, becomes a new creature. He learns to bridge the gap between worlds of dark and light, changing from elf to goblin and back again as he walks the steps of countless gray thresholds. Wicht explores the fortress of Yule and gives strange new shape to reality as he struggles to learn what tore at its heart.

## Controls

The player controls Wicht the goblin-elf with the arrow keys, and can grab blocks with the space bar. Moving while grabbing a block allows Wicht to drag the block across the ground. In the level tester the player can navigate between levels using the following letter keys:

__[F]__
irst level

__[P]__
revious level

__[R]__
eset level

__[N]__
ext level

__[L]__
ast level

## Presents
For the purpose of this demonstration, presents act as the goal for each level. In the future they will be used to hold items and power-ups.

## Light and dark
In the fortress of Yule there are light and dark regions, and the player may cross over thresholds from one region to the other. When the player moves from dark to light or vice versa, the currently empty region becomes solid, and the currently solid region becomes empty. In the world of light Wicht is an elf, and in the darkness he is a goblin.

## Thresholds
Thresholds allow the player to move from light to dark regions. They are 1x1 blocks that can be vertically or horizontally traversed.

## Beams
Beams pierce and kill Wicht. They can pass through thresholds when aligned with them.

## Block types

?

## Items

?

## Powerups

?

Commit message:

Add setup section to README
Added setup instructions for running the project locally.

README.md, after:

# Yule

## Premise

Deep in the fortress of Yule a profane act has shattered the world, and an ashen snow falls upon the land. Wicht, an elf caught in the lines of the splintering fracture, becomes a new creature. He learns to bridge the gap between worlds of dark and light, changing from elf to goblin and back again as he walks the steps of countless gray thresholds. Wicht explores the fortress of Yule and gives strange new shape to reality as he struggles to learn what tore at its heart.

## Setup

Clone the source into a local folder and open index.html with Live Server or another local development server.

## Controls

The player controls Wicht the goblin-elf with the arrow keys, and can grab blocks with the space bar. Moving while grabbing a block allows Wicht to drag the block across the ground. In the level tester the player can navigate between levels using the following letter keys:

__[F]__
irst level

__[P]__
revious level

__[R]__
eset level

__[N]__
ext level

__[L]__
ast level

## Presents
For the purpose of this demonstration, presents act as the goal for each level. In the future they will be used to hold items and power-ups.

## Light and dark
In the fortress of Yule there are light and dark regions, and the player may cross over thresholds from one region to the other. When the player moves from dark to light or vice versa, the currently empty region becomes solid, and the currently solid region becomes empty. In the world of light Wicht is an elf, and in the darkness he is a goblin.

## Thresholds
Thresholds allow the player to move from light to dark regions. They are 1x1 blocks that can be vertically or horizontally traversed.

## Beams
Beams pierce and kill Wicht. They can pass through thresholds when aligned with them.

## Block types

?

## Items

?

## Powerups

?
